# hello-world
CMIS 102 Homework Assignment 04
  I am currently taking CMIS 102, Introduction to Problem Solving and Algorithm Design.  My major is Software Development and Security at the University of Maryland University College.  I have always loved computer science and technologies but software has always been a bit intimidating. Like all science through out history, the inner workings of technology seem like black magic at first.  I am interested in understanding computer science.  I have a basic grasp of how hardware pieces work together but software is so new to me that it is very exciting.  When I think of future careers in IT disciplines, Cyber Security is a booming industry with alot of job opportunities.  I also love creating, wheather I'm working with my hands in mechanics, metal work or carpentry.  I have found similary satisfaction with creating software products using my mind.  As computer technology becomes more and more integrated with every day life I have thought that combining my love of auto-mechanics with software development could be an interesting venture.  Electronic Fuel Injection has been prevelant in automotives for decades now and the software that runs the efficiency of engines is becoming more and more advanced.  Software integration into ergonoics and safety features are also becoming standard in todays cars.  Culminating in self driving vehicles that are so contreversial at the moment.  Soon, electronic engines will dominate the market and new developments in the software that control the motor's power delivery will be required.  Though I am behind the learning curve in software development, I am learning more and more everyday.  I am excited for the future of possiblities that could be there for me if I stick with Software Development.
